file format doc with existing examples (#553)
neulab/ExplainaBoard: docs/task_file_format_summarization.md

> # File Formats Supported by Different Tasks

Reviewer: Regarding the file name: "summarization" is an NLP task so I was confused when I saw the file name here. Could we just call it `task_file_formats.md`?

Here is the list of the file formats supported by different tasks.

For dataset files, if your datasets have been supported
by [datalab](https://github.com/ExpressAI/DataLab/tree/main/datasets),
you fortunately don't need to prepare the dataset.
Otherwise, you can upload your custom datasets in the supported formats.

> You may refer to the example files for more specific formats,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may refer to the example files for more specific information about the format,
```
